fix: replace * in name of kong routes (#3312)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## [2.9.0]

> Release date: TBD

### Fixed

> - When `CombinedRoutes` is turned on, translator will replace appearance of
>  `*` in host of `Ingress` to `_` in kong route names because `*` is not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `CombinedRoutes` is turned on, translator will replace each occurrence of
 `*` in `Ingress`'s host to `_` in kong route names because `*` is not 
```
